Here we are for the second episode of 𝖑𝖔𝖜-K.
As promised, I've invited the first very special guest to the show. 
I'm honoured to introduce you Double Precision, one of my favourite artists as well as my best friend, co-founder of S Y M P O S I U M and the other half of Danish Dream.
He's a very eclectic artist, spanning from being a brilliant electronic musician to having amazing djing and beatmaking skills.

I gave him complete freedom on what to send me so that you can have a direct view on his taste and current mood.
Here his words:

"When Aniel told me to send him something for the show I was so excited that I woke up at 5.30am to record this set. Due to the current situation I haven't had the opportunity to stay behind the decks for quite some time, and this was for sure the right occasion to release all the gathered energy as well as a huge amount of sweat with some early morning bangers. 
Keep it locked for an hour of bass madness featuring old favs, new unreleased tracks, and hidden gems. Cheers!"

IMPORTANT:
𝖑𝖔𝖜-K is a show that owes EVERYTHING to the Black culture. Let's keep this in mind everytime we listen, play and dance to any kind of music together. 
You probably know what is happening in the world right now so, if you haven't already contributed actively, here there are (just) a couple of things you can do to both to support the people that are being involved in the protests of these days and to improve your awareness on the problem:

- Donate to Bail Funds for Protestors: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/bailfunds?fbclid=IwAR3Afq8Kk4CJBfuOC7l3Zars9uFV-hV5xr8CKRPenn9oFW0mGEv3jVSr-go

- Anti-racism resources: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1BRlF2_zhNe86SGgHa6-VlBO-QgirITwCTugSfKie5Fs/preview?fbclid=IwAR1uAU2xVzv16TcBRjVjD_0fysqffVRb22ulo276dpjX2hvBSDiUVNagL-4&pru=AAABcpl32Ec%2Ae0fiUyn5H-e6jIP6pdfhZQ

Let's use this occasion to educate ourselves more and meditate on how we can seriously improve our impact towards this cause in our EVERYDAY life. 
Please let's do that.
Peace.

Aniel